Identify raster cell sample (#248)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-flutter-samples: lib/samples/identify_raster_cell/README.md

# Identify raster cell

> Get the cell value of a local raster at the tapped location and display the result in a callout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the cell value of a local raster at the tapped location and display the result in the UI.
```
Callout is a specific API that we will eventually implement but don't support yet.

![Image of identify raster cell](identify_raster_cell.png)

> ## Use case

Reviewer: This needs populating from the design

Reviewer: @martinoyovo this comment still needs to be addressed

## How to use the sample

> Tap an area of the raster to identify it and see the raw raster cell information displayed in a renderer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tap an area of the raster to identify it and see the raw raster cell information displayed in the UI.
```
I don't think renderer quite works.

> Tap an area of the raster to identify it and see the raw raster cell information displayed in a renderer. Tap and hold to see cell information updated dynamically as you drag.

Reviewer: > Tap and hold to see cell information updated dynamically as you drag.

I don't think this part of the sample has been implemented yet. The Swift sample is a good example - I quite like that they've also enabled the magnifier, but see what you think is the best way for us to implement.

Author: I can add a magnifier but we don't currently a way to get the position of a magnifier while interacting with the map. We have "onLongPressEnd", but that only returns the offset of when a drag has been released. So I think we won't be able to include this part in the implementation, unless there's another suggestion of doing that.

Reviewer: Could we use a GestureDetector here? It could be a cool way to have a demo of GestureDetector for users if it's doable. Or is the problem still that we can't get the offset? 🤔  

We could create this as a follow up issue. I'm just trying to think if our users wanted to do something, like drag around and query, how they could do it. We deliberately didn't implement loads of gesture callbacks directly on the map view so a gesture detector could be implemented for whatever the user wanted to do.

Reviewer: I think the magnifier is only useful if we can query on the fly while dragging around

Author: Exactly, the magnifier is only useful while dragging around. The idea of using GestureDetector sounds great. I think I can play around with that and see how it goes.

Author: So after a couple of testings, `GestureDetector` works but doesn't give the expected behavior. When we wrap the `ArcGISMapView` widget, can we get the pointer position but it doesn't follow the magnifer direction at the same time, which makes it a bit complicated to track the position when the magnifier is enabled. Also, I found that `RawGestureDetector` is used in the `ArcGISMapView`, probably to enable the long press and the tap on the map, so I think we can extend that to support other gestures in the future.

I'm not confident about the behavior of when `ArcGISMapView` is wrapped in the `GestureDetector`. I suggest we we keep the implementation without the magnifier enabled and remove that part off the README.

Reviewer: We have had a lot of discussions about other gestures, I'll share that with you directly. This is a useful use case for us to look at vs other SDKs though. So for now we'll implement just identify on tap in this sample and I'll write this up separately.

Author: No problem, I understand that!

## How it works

1. Get the screen point on the map where a user tapped or long pressed and dragged from the `ArcGISMapView`.
2. On tap:
  * Call `ArcGISMapViewController.identifyLayer(...)` passing in the screen point, tolerance, and maximum number of results per layer.
  * Await the result of the identify and then get the `GeoElement` from the layer result.
  * Create a `SimpleRenderer` at the calculated map point and populate the content with text from the `GeoElement.attributes`.

## Relevant API

* ArcGISMapViewController.identifyLayer(...)
* GeoElement

> * GeoElement.attributes(...)

Reviewer 2: There shouldn't be "(...)" here because `attributes` isn't a method call.

I'm not sure if we should use "(...)" with `identifyLayer(...)`. I think we should remove the "(...)" there, too. I haven't seen any other sample README.md use "(...)".

Author: Apparently when I run the `tool/readme_scripts/readme_scripts_runner.dart`, it asks me to add the "(...)".
